README.md, before:

# Stories from The Realms
[Table of contents](table_of_contents.md)  
[Story Ideas (for future stories that have yet to be written)](story_ideas.md)  

Welcome to The Realms, a creative writing project by me,
[Aethari](https://github.com/Aethari). The Realms project aims
to create intricate, rich worlds that anyone can build on and
improve (and just be a fun, entertaining thing for me to do).  

I'm sure some of the stories here will eventually be put on
[The Wanderers' Library](https://wanderers-library.wikidot.com/)
(the coolest website on the internet). Any stories that are on
The Wanderers' Library will have a link to their WL page at the
top of their Markdown (`.md`) file.

## So, what are "The Realms"?
As the name implies, The Realms are a set of interdimensional
worlds. The Realms itself is actually a universe that
encapsulates all of these worlds within it, and includes the
space in between them. Each of these worlds (which are called
Realms, hence the universal name "The Realms") contains an
entire universe within it, even if most stories only take place
in a few locations within the Realms.  

Every story in this repository takes place in The Realms.
Eventually, I plan on sorting the stories into folders based on
the Realm they take place in.  

Some of the Realms may not get as much love as others. Which
Realm I am working in depends on what I'm inspired by and what
mood I'm in. I will do my best to try and make at least a few
stories in each of the Realms, but no promises.  

## Structure
All of my writings can be found in the [stories](stories/)
directory, in Markdown (`.md`) files with the name of the file
being the name of the story. In addition to this, each story
has a <story_name>.txt file that marks the design for the story,
made before writing began.  

Writings with multiple words in the title will use snake case
(i.e. "Lord of the Rings" becomes "lord_of_the_rings.md"), for
better compatability with file browsers/terminal applications.  

It is recommended that you use the
[Table of Contents](table_of_contents.md) to navigate the
repository.

## License
All writings in this repository are licensed under CC-BY-4.0.  
See [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
for licensing info.

Commit message:

Finished basic design of Rea, beginning on story now

README.md, after:

# Stories from The Realms
[Table of contents](table_of_contents.md)  
[Story Ideas (for future stories that have yet to be written)](story_ideas.md)  

Welcome to The Realms, a creative writing project by me,
[Aethari](https://github.com/Aethari). The Realms project aims
to create intricate, rich worlds that anyone can build on and
improve (and just be a fun, entertaining thing for me to do).  

I'm sure some of the stories here will eventually be put on
[The Wanderers' Library](https://wanderers-library.wikidot.com/)
(the coolest website on the internet). Any stories that are on
The Wanderers' Library will have a link to their WL page at the
top of their Markdown (`.md`) file.

## So, what are "The Realms"?
As the name implies, The Realms are a set of interdimensional
worlds. The Realms itself is actually a universe that
encapsulates all of these worlds within it, and includes the
space in between them. Each of these worlds (which are called
Realms, hence the universal name "The Realms") contains an
entire universe within it, even if most stories only take place
in a few locations within the Realms.  

Every story in this repository takes place in The Realms.
Eventually, I plan on sorting the stories into folders based on
the Realm they take place in.  

Some of the Realms may not get as much love as others. Which
Realm I am working in depends on what I'm inspired by and what
mood I'm in. I will do my best to try and make at least a few
stories in each of the Realms, but no promises.  

## Structure
All of the actual stories can be found in the [stories](stories/)
directory, in Markdown (`.md`) files with the name of the file
being the name of the story. In addition to this, each story
has a <story_name>.txt file that marks the design for the story,
made before writing began.  

In addition to the stories directory, there is also the
[other](other/) directory, which contains various notes or
pieces of worldbuilding which cannot be called stories. For
example, in this directory is a [lang.txt](other/lang.txt)
file where I planned out a very basic language for one of the
Realms (soon to be named based on the language).  

Writings with multiple words in the title will use snake case
(i.e. "Lord of the Rings" becomes "lord_of_the_rings.md"), for
better compatability with file browsers/terminal applications.  

It is recommended that you use the
[Table of Contents](table_of_contents.md) to navigate the
repository.

## License
All writings in this repository are licensed under CC-BY-4.0.  
See [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
for licensing info.
